# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`vsftpd`](#vsftpd): This class configures a vsftpd server.  It ensures that the appropriate files are in the appropriate places and synchronizes the external mat
* [`vsftpd::config`](#vsftpd--config): This class provides a method for setting up the main body of /etc/vsftpd/vsftpd.conf.  * The rest of the parameters can be found on the vsftp
* [`vsftpd::config::firewall`](#vsftpd--config--firewall): This class sets up the appropriate IPtables rules based on the value of $fw_rules.  By default, it will allow access only to localhost, you w
* [`vsftpd::config::tcpwrappers`](#vsftpd--config--tcpwrappers): Sets up tcpwrappers for vsfptd.
* [`vsftpd::install`](#vsftpd--install): Installs vsftpd and optionally manages the vsftpd group and user.
* [`vsftpd::service`](#vsftpd--service): Ensures the vsftpd service is running.
* [`vsftpd::users`](#vsftpd--users): Manages the vsftpd group and user.

## Classes

### <a name="vsftpd"></a>`vsftpd`

This class configures a vsftpd server.  It ensures that the appropriate
files are in the appropriate places and synchronizes the external
materials.

One thing to note is that local users are forced to SSL for security
reasons.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `vsftpd` class:

* [`trusted_nets`](#-vsftpd--trusted_nets)
* [`firewall`](#-vsftpd--firewall)
* [`pki`](#-vsftpd--pki)
* [`tcpwrappers`](#-vsftpd--tcpwrappers)
* [`haveged`](#-vsftpd--haveged)
* [`cipher_suite`](#-vsftpd--cipher_suite)
* [`package_ensure`](#-vsftpd--package_ensure)
* [`vsftpd_user`](#-vsftpd--vsftpd_user)
* [`vsftpd_group`](#-vsftpd--vsftpd_group)
* [`manage_user`](#-vsftpd--manage_user)
* [`vsftpd_uid`](#-vsftpd--vsftpd_uid)
* [`vsftpd_gid`](#-vsftpd--vsftpd_gid)
* [`manage_group`](#-vsftpd--manage_group)
* [`ftp_data_port`](#-vsftpd--ftp_data_port)
* [`listen_address`](#-vsftpd--listen_address)
* [`listen_ipv4`](#-vsftpd--listen_ipv4)
* [`listen_port`](#-vsftpd--listen_port)
* [`local_enable`](#-vsftpd--local_enable)
* [`pasv_enable`](#-vsftpd--pasv_enable)
* [`pasv_max_port`](#-vsftpd--pasv_max_port)
* [`pasv_min_port`](#-vsftpd--pasv_min_port)
* [`ssl_enable`](#-vsftpd--ssl_enable)
* [`require_ssl_reuse`](#-vsftpd--require_ssl_reuse)
* [`userlist_deny`](#-vsftpd--userlist_deny)
* [`userlist_enable`](#-vsftpd--userlist_enable)
* [`user_list`](#-vsftpd--user_list)
* [`pam_service_name`](#-vsftpd--pam_service_name)
* [`validate_cert`](#-vsftpd--validate_cert)

##### <a name="-vsftpd--trusted_nets"></a>`trusted_nets`

Data type: `Simplib::Netlist`

A whitelist of subnets (in CIDR notation) permitted access.

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::trusted_nets', { 'default_value' => ['127.0.0.1','::1'] })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--firewall"></a>`firewall`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, use SIMP's `iptables` to manage firewall rules to accommodate <%= metadata.name %>.

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::firewall', { 'default_value' => false })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--pki"></a>`pki`

Data type: `Variant[Enum['simp'],Boolean]`

* If 'simp', include SIMP's pki module and use pki::copy to manage
  application certs in /etc/pki/simp_apps/vsftpd/x509
* If true, do *not* include SIMP's pki module, but still use pki::copy
  to manage certs in /etc/pki/simp_apps/vsftpd/x509
* If false, do not include SIMP's pki module and do not use pki::copy
  to manage certs.  You will need to appropriately assign a subset of:
  * app_pki_dir
  * app_pki_key
  * app_pki_cert
  * app_pki_ca
  * app_pki_ca_dir

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::pki', { 'default_value' => false })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--tcpwrappers"></a>`tcpwrappers`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, use SIMP's ::tcpwrappers to configure TCP Wrappers to
accommodate <%= metadata.name %> and set 'tcp_wrappers' value in
vsftpd.conf to true.

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::tcpwrappers', { 'default_value' => false })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--haveged"></a>`haveged`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, include ::haveged to assist with entropy generation.

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::haveged', { 'default_value' => false })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--cipher_suite"></a>`cipher_suite`

Data type: `Array[String]`

OpenSSL cipher suite to use.
If you are not using this with ::simp_options and the server is in FIPS
mode, you need to set this to a FIPS-compliant cipher suite, (e.g.,
['FIPS', '!LOW']).
Corresponds to ssl_ciphers in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::openssl::cipher_suite', { 'default_value' => ['DEFAULT','!MEDIUM'] })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--package_ensure"></a>`package_ensure`

Data type: `String`

The ensure status of the vsftpd package

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::package_ensure', { 'default_value' => 'installed' })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--vsftpd_user"></a>`vsftpd_user`

Data type: `String`

Set the user for the vsftpd service.

Default value: `'ftp'`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--vsftpd_group"></a>`vsftpd_group`

Data type: `String`

Set the group for the vsftpd service and files.

Default value: `'ftp'`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--manage_user"></a>`manage_user`

Data type: `Boolean`

Manage vsftpd user.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--vsftpd_uid"></a>`vsftpd_uid`

Data type: `Integer`

Integer.  UID of the vsftpd user.

Default value: `14`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--vsftpd_gid"></a>`vsftpd_gid`

Data type: `Integer`

Integer. GID of the vsftpd group.

Default value: `50`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--manage_group"></a>`manage_group`

Data type: `Boolean`

Manage vsftpd group.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--ftp_data_port"></a>`ftp_data_port`

Data type: `Simplib::Port`

The port used for the data connection when `port_enable` is in effect
(active mode FTP). Corresponds to ftp_data_port in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `20`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--listen_address"></a>`listen_address`

Data type: `Optional[Simplib::IP::V4]`

IPv4 address to bind the listening socket to, if the machine has
more than one IPv4 address. Corresponds to listen_address in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--listen_ipv4"></a>`listen_ipv4`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, put the server into standalone mode listening on an IPv4
socket. Corresponds to the `listen` setting in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--listen_port"></a>`listen_port`

Data type: `Simplib::Port`

The port on which the FTP server listens. Corresponds to listen_port
in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `21`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--local_enable"></a>`local_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, local users are enabled and permitted to log in. Corresponds
to local_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--pasv_enable"></a>`pasv_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, PASV (passive mode) data connections are permitted.
Corresponds to pasv_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--pasv_max_port"></a>`pasv_max_port`

Data type: `Optional[Simplib::Port]`

The maximum port number to allocate for PASV style data connections.
Corresponds to pasv_max_port in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--pasv_min_port"></a>`pasv_min_port`

Data type: `Optional[Simplib::Port]`

The minimum port number to allocate for PASV style data connections.
Corresponds to pasv_min_port in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--ssl_enable"></a>`ssl_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, SSL/TLS support (and the associated SSL configuration in
vsftpd::config) is enabled for the server. Corresponds to ssl_enable
in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--require_ssl_reuse"></a>`require_ssl_reuse`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, all SSL data connections are required to exhibit SSL session
reuse, proving that they know the same master secret as the control
channel. Corresponds to require_ssl_reuse in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--userlist_deny"></a>`userlist_deny`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, the users named in `user_list` are denied login; if false,
only users in that list are permitted to log in. Corresponds to
userlist_deny in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--userlist_enable"></a>`userlist_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, vsftpd will load the list of usernames from `user_list` and
deny (or, with userlist_deny=false, allow) logins before the user is
asked for a password. Corresponds to userlist_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--user_list"></a>`user_list`

Data type: `Array[String]`

Array of usernames evaluated against `userlist_enable`/`userlist_deny`
and, when local_enable is set, also denied straight away at the
old-style `ftpusers` check. Written out to the file referenced by
vsftpd::config::userlist_file.

Default value: `['root','bin','daemon','adm','lp','sync','shutdown','halt','mail','news','uucp','operator','games','nobody']`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--pam_service_name"></a>`pam_service_name`

Data type: `String`

The name of the PAM service that vsftpd will use for authentication.
Corresponds to pam_service_name in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `'vsftpd'`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--validate_cert"></a>`validate_cert`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, validate the client SSL certificate. Passed through to
vsftpd::config's validate_cert parameter, which is written to
validate_cert in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

### <a name="vsftpd--config"></a>`vsftpd::config`

This class provides a method for setting up the main body of
/etc/vsftpd/vsftpd.conf.

* The rest of the parameters can be found on the vsftpd.conf man page *

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `vsftpd::config` class:

* [`app_pki_external_source`](#-vsftpd--config--app_pki_external_source)
* [`app_pki_dir`](#-vsftpd--config--app_pki_dir)
* [`app_pki_key`](#-vsftpd--config--app_pki_key)
* [`app_pki_cert`](#-vsftpd--config--app_pki_cert)
* [`app_pki_ca`](#-vsftpd--config--app_pki_ca)
* [`allow_anon_ssl`](#-vsftpd--config--allow_anon_ssl)
* [`anon_mkdir_write_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--anon_mkdir_write_enable)
* [`anon_other_write_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--anon_other_write_enable)
* [`anon_upload_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--anon_upload_enable)
* [`anon_world_readable_only`](#-vsftpd--config--anon_world_readable_only)
* [`anonymous_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--anonymous_enable)
* [`ascii_download_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--ascii_download_enable)
* [`ascii_upload_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--ascii_upload_enable)
* [`async_abor_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--async_abor_enable)
* [`background`](#-vsftpd--config--background)
* [`check_shell`](#-vsftpd--config--check_shell)
* [`chmod_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--chmod_enable)
* [`chown_uploads`](#-vsftpd--config--chown_uploads)
* [`chroot_list_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--chroot_list_enable)
* [`chroot_local_user`](#-vsftpd--config--chroot_local_user)
* [`connect_from_port_20`](#-vsftpd--config--connect_from_port_20)
* [`deny_email_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--deny_email_enable)
* [`dirlist_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--dirlist_enable)
* [`userlist_file`](#-vsftpd--config--userlist_file)
* [`dirmessage_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--dirmessage_enable)
* [`download_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--download_enable)
* [`dual_log_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--dual_log_enable)
* [`force_dot_files`](#-vsftpd--config--force_dot_files)
* [`force_anon_data_ssl`](#-vsftpd--config--force_anon_data_ssl)
* [`force_anon_logins_ssl`](#-vsftpd--config--force_anon_logins_ssl)
* [`force_local_data_ssl`](#-vsftpd--config--force_local_data_ssl)
* [`force_local_logins_ssl`](#-vsftpd--config--force_local_logins_ssl)
* [`guest_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--guest_enable)
* [`hide_ids`](#-vsftpd--config--hide_ids)
* [`listen_ipv6`](#-vsftpd--config--listen_ipv6)
* [`lock_upload_files`](#-vsftpd--config--lock_upload_files)
* [`log_ftp_protocol`](#-vsftpd--config--log_ftp_protocol)
* [`ls_recurse_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--ls_recurse_enable)
* [`mdtm_write`](#-vsftpd--config--mdtm_write)
* [`no_anon_password`](#-vsftpd--config--no_anon_password)
* [`no_log_lock`](#-vsftpd--config--no_log_lock)
* [`one_process_model`](#-vsftpd--config--one_process_model)
* [`passwd_chroot_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--passwd_chroot_enable)
* [`pasv_addr_resolve`](#-vsftpd--config--pasv_addr_resolve)
* [`pasv_promiscuous`](#-vsftpd--config--pasv_promiscuous)
* [`port_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--port_enable)
* [`port_promiscuous`](#-vsftpd--config--port_promiscuous)
* [`reverse_lookup_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--reverse_lookup_enable)
* [`run_as_launching_user`](#-vsftpd--config--run_as_launching_user)
* [`secure_email_list_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--secure_email_list_enable)
* [`session_support`](#-vsftpd--config--session_support)
* [`setproctitle_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--setproctitle_enable)
* [`ssl_sslv2`](#-vsftpd--config--ssl_sslv2)
* [`ssl_sslv3`](#-vsftpd--config--ssl_sslv3)
* [`ssl_tlsv1`](#-vsftpd--config--ssl_tlsv1)
* [`ssl_tlsv1_1`](#-vsftpd--config--ssl_tlsv1_1)
* [`ssl_tlsv1_2`](#-vsftpd--config--ssl_tlsv1_2)
* [`syslog_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--syslog_enable)
* [`text_userdb_names`](#-vsftpd--config--text_userdb_names)
* [`tilde_user_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--tilde_user_enable)
* [`use_localtime`](#-vsftpd--config--use_localtime)
* [`use_sendfile`](#-vsftpd--config--use_sendfile)
* [`userlist_log`](#-vsftpd--config--userlist_log)
* [`virtual_use_local_privs`](#-vsftpd--config--virtual_use_local_privs)
* [`write_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--write_enable)
* [`xferlog_enable`](#-vsftpd--config--xferlog_enable)
* [`xferlog_std_format`](#-vsftpd--config--xferlog_std_format)
* [`accept_timeout`](#-vsftpd--config--accept_timeout)
* [`anon_max_rate`](#-vsftpd--config--anon_max_rate)
* [`anon_umask`](#-vsftpd--config--anon_umask)
* [`connect_timeout`](#-vsftpd--config--connect_timeout)
* [`data_connection_timeout`](#-vsftpd--config--data_connection_timeout)
* [`delay_failed_login`](#-vsftpd--config--delay_failed_login)
* [`delay_successful_login`](#-vsftpd--config--delay_successful_login)
* [`file_open_mode`](#-vsftpd--config--file_open_mode)
* [`idle_session_timeout`](#-vsftpd--config--idle_session_timeout)
* [`local_max_rate`](#-vsftpd--config--local_max_rate)
* [`local_umask`](#-vsftpd--config--local_umask)
* [`max_clients`](#-vsftpd--config--max_clients)
* [`max_login_fails`](#-vsftpd--config--max_login_fails)
* [`max_per_ip`](#-vsftpd--config--max_per_ip)
* [`trans_chunk_size`](#-vsftpd--config--trans_chunk_size)
* [`anon_root`](#-vsftpd--config--anon_root)
* [`banned_email_file`](#-vsftpd--config--banned_email_file)
* [`banner_file`](#-vsftpd--config--banner_file)
* [`chown_username`](#-vsftpd--config--chown_username)
* [`chroot_list_file`](#-vsftpd--config--chroot_list_file)
* [`cmds_allowed`](#-vsftpd--config--cmds_allowed)
* [`deny_file`](#-vsftpd--config--deny_file)
* [`dsa_cert_file`](#-vsftpd--config--dsa_cert_file)
* [`dsa_private_key_file`](#-vsftpd--config--dsa_private_key_file)
* [`email_password_file`](#-vsftpd--config--email_password_file)
* [`hide_file`](#-vsftpd--config--hide_file)
* [`listen_address6`](#-vsftpd--config--listen_address6)
* [`local_root`](#-vsftpd--config--local_root)
* [`message_file`](#-vsftpd--config--message_file)
* [`nopriv_user`](#-vsftpd--config--nopriv_user)
* [`pasv_address`](#-vsftpd--config--pasv_address)
* [`validate_cert`](#-vsftpd--config--validate_cert)
* [`secure_chroot_dir`](#-vsftpd--config--secure_chroot_dir)
* [`user_config_dir`](#-vsftpd--config--user_config_dir)
* [`user_sub_token`](#-vsftpd--config--user_sub_token)
* [`vsftpd_log_file`](#-vsftpd--config--vsftpd_log_file)
* [`xferlog_file`](#-vsftpd--config--xferlog_file)
* [`min_uid`](#-vsftpd--config--min_uid)

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--app_pki_external_source"></a>`app_pki_external_source`

Data type: `String`

* If pki = 'simp' or true, this is the directory from which certs will be
  copied, via pki::copy.  Defaults to /etc/pki/simp/x509.

* If pki = false, this variable has no effect.

Default value: `simplib::lookup('simp_options::pki::source', { 'default_value' => '/etc/pki/simp/x509' })`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--app_pki_dir"></a>`app_pki_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

This variable controls the basepath of $app_pki_key, $app_pki_cert,
$app_pki_ca, $app_pki_ca_dir, and $app_pki_crl.
It defaults to /etc/pki/simp_apps/vsftpd/pki.

Default value: `'/etc/pki/simp_apps/vsftpd/x509'`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--app_pki_key"></a>`app_pki_key`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Path and name of the private SSL key file

Default value: `"${app_pki_dir}/private/${facts['networking']['fqdn']}.pem"`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--app_pki_cert"></a>`app_pki_cert`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Path and name of the public SSL certificate

Default value: `"${app_pki_dir}/public/${facts['networking']['fqdn']}.pub"`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--app_pki_ca"></a>`app_pki_ca`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Path and name of the CA.

Default value: `"${app_pki_dir}/cacerts/cacerts.pem"`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--allow_anon_ssl"></a>`allow_anon_ssl`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, anonymous users are permitted to use SSL/TLS data and login
connections. Corresponds to allow_anon_ssl in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anon_mkdir_write_enable"></a>`anon_mkdir_write_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true (and `write_enable` is also true), anonymous users are
permitted to create new directories. Corresponds to
anon_mkdir_write_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anon_other_write_enable"></a>`anon_other_write_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true (and `write_enable` is also true), anonymous users are
permitted to perform write operations other than upload and mkdir
(e.g. delete, rename). Corresponds to anon_other_write_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anon_upload_enable"></a>`anon_upload_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true (and `write_enable` is also true), anonymous users are
permitted to upload files. Corresponds to anon_upload_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anon_world_readable_only"></a>`anon_world_readable_only`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, anonymous users may only download files which are
world-readable. Corresponds to anon_world_readable_only in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anonymous_enable"></a>`anonymous_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, anonymous login is permitted. Corresponds to
anonymous_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ascii_download_enable"></a>`ascii_download_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, ASCII mangling is performed on file downloads (when
requested by the client). Corresponds to ascii_download_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ascii_upload_enable"></a>`ascii_upload_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, ASCII mangling is performed on file uploads (when requested
by the client). Corresponds to ascii_upload_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--async_abor_enable"></a>`async_abor_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, support for the non-standard "async ABOR" interrupt
mechanism is enabled. Corresponds to async_abor_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--background"></a>`background`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd forks and backgrounds itself at startup, rather than
`run_as_launching_user`ing in the foreground. Corresponds to
background in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--check_shell"></a>`check_shell`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If false, vsftpd does not check that local users' shells, as listed
in /etc/passwd, are listed in /etc/shells. Corresponds to
check_shell in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--chmod_enable"></a>`chmod_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, the FTP SITE CHMOD command is supported for local users.
Corresponds to chmod_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--chown_uploads"></a>`chown_uploads`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, files uploaded by anonymous users are owned by the
username given in `chown_username`. Corresponds to chown_uploads in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--chroot_list_enable"></a>`chroot_list_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, the list of local users in the file specified by
`chroot_list_file` is used, in conjunction with
`chroot_local_user`, to control which users are chrooted into
their home directory. Corresponds to chroot_list_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--chroot_local_user"></a>`chroot_local_user`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, local users are placed in a chroot jail in their home
directory after login. Corresponds to chroot_local_user in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--connect_from_port_20"></a>`connect_from_port_20`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, PORT (active mode) data connections are sourced from port
20 (ftp-data) on the server. Corresponds to connect_from_port_20 in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--deny_email_enable"></a>`deny_email_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, anonymous logins using a password listed in the file
specified by `banned_email_file` are denied. Corresponds to
deny_email_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--dirlist_enable"></a>`dirlist_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If false, all directory listing is disabled, for both anonymous and
local users alike. Corresponds to dirlist_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--userlist_file"></a>`userlist_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

The path to the file to which vsftpd::user_list is rendered, and
which vsftpd consults per `userlist_enable`/`userlist_deny`.
Corresponds to userlist_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `'/etc/vsftpd/user_list'`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--dirmessage_enable"></a>`dirmessage_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, vsftpd displays the content of a per-directory message file
(given by `message_file`) when a directory is first entered.
Corresponds to dirmessage_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--download_enable"></a>`download_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If false, all download requests are denied, for both anonymous and
local users alike. Corresponds to download_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--dual_log_enable"></a>`dual_log_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true (and `xferlog_enable` is also true), vsftpd logs to both the
vsftpd-format log file (`vsftpd_log_file`) and the wu-ftpd-format
log file (`xferlog_file`). Corresponds to dual_log_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--force_dot_files"></a>`force_dot_files`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd will list files starting with a leading dot, other
than the traditional "." and "..". Corresponds to force_dot_files
in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--force_anon_data_ssl"></a>`force_anon_data_ssl`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, anonymous users must use a secure SSL/TLS connection for
data transfer. Corresponds to force_anon_data_ssl in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--force_anon_logins_ssl"></a>`force_anon_logins_ssl`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, anonymous users must use a secure SSL/TLS connection to
send the password. Corresponds to force_anon_logins_ssl in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--force_local_data_ssl"></a>`force_local_data_ssl`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, local (non-anonymous) users must use a secure SSL/TLS
connection for data transfer. Corresponds to force_local_data_ssl
in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--force_local_logins_ssl"></a>`force_local_logins_ssl`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, local (non-anonymous) users must use a secure SSL/TLS
connection to send the password. Corresponds to
force_local_logins_ssl in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--guest_enable"></a>`guest_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, local users other than the anonymous user are treated as
"guest" logins and mapped to the user specified by `nopriv_user` (or
`guest_username`). Corresponds to guest_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--hide_ids"></a>`hide_ids`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, all user and group information in directory listings is
displayed as "ftp". Corresponds to hide_ids in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--listen_ipv6"></a>`listen_ipv6`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, put the server into standalone mode listening on an IPv6
socket, when IPv6 is supported by the underlying facts. Corresponds
to listen_ipv6 in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--lock_upload_files"></a>`lock_upload_files`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd uses advisory file locking on uploaded files during
any period of the upload. Corresponds to lock_upload_files in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--log_ftp_protocol"></a>`log_ftp_protocol`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true (and `xferlog_std_format` is false), vsftpd will log all FTP
requests and responses, in addition to transfers. Corresponds to
log_ftp_protocol in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ls_recurse_enable"></a>`ls_recurse_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, support for the "ls -R" recursive listing option is
enabled. Corresponds to ls_recurse_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--mdtm_write"></a>`mdtm_write`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, support for the non-standard "site utime" command is
enabled, needed for the MDTM FTP command to be used for changing
file modification times. Corresponds to mdtm_write in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--no_anon_password"></a>`no_anon_password`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, the anonymous user is not asked for a password when
logging in. Corresponds to no_anon_password in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--no_log_lock"></a>`no_log_lock`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd does not lock the log file that is used for the
standard vsftpd log format (`vsftpd_log_file`). Corresponds to
no_log_lock in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--one_process_model"></a>`one_process_model`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true (and Linux only), vsftpd uses a security model which uses
one process per connection with no inter-process communication,
instead of the default two-process model. Corresponds to
one_process_model in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--passwd_chroot_enable"></a>`passwd_chroot_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true (and `chroot_local_user` is also true), vsftpd will look for
the user's chroot root directory in /etc/passwd, using
`user_sub_token` substitution. Corresponds to passwd_chroot_enable
in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--pasv_addr_resolve"></a>`pasv_addr_resolve`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, `pasv_address` is resolved as a DNS name rather than an IP
address. Corresponds to pasv_addr_resolve in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--pasv_promiscuous"></a>`pasv_promiscuous`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd does not check that the IP address of the data
connection matches the IP address of the control connection in PASV
mode. Corresponds to pasv_promiscuous in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--port_enable"></a>`port_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, PORT (active mode) style data connections are supported.
Corresponds to port_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--port_promiscuous"></a>`port_promiscuous`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd does not check that the IP address of the data
connection matches the IP address of the control connection in PORT
mode. Corresponds to port_promiscuous in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--reverse_lookup_enable"></a>`reverse_lookup_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd will attempt to perform reverse DNS lookups on
client IP addresses for logging and libwrap/tcpwrappers access
control purposes. Corresponds to reverse_lookup_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--run_as_launching_user"></a>`run_as_launching_user`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd drops the concept of a distinct vsftpd internal
(typically 'ftp') user, and instead impersonates the user that
launches vsftpd for all vsftpd activity. Corresponds to
run_as_launching_user in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--secure_email_list_enable"></a>`secure_email_list_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true (and `deny_email_enable` is also true), anonymous logins
using a password listed in `banned_email_file` are treated as an
invalid login, rather than merely a denied one. Corresponds to
secure_email_list_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--session_support"></a>`session_support`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd attempts to maintain and update utmp/wtmp log
entries for FTP sessions. Corresponds to session_support in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--setproctitle_enable"></a>`setproctitle_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd will report each session's status via the process
title (as shown by tools such as `ps`), e.g. showing the client IP
and current activity. Corresponds to setproctitle_enable in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ssl_sslv2"></a>`ssl_sslv2`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, permit SSL v2 protocol connections. Corresponds to
ssl_sslv2 in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ssl_sslv3"></a>`ssl_sslv3`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, permit SSL v3 protocol connections. Corresponds to
ssl_sslv3 in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ssl_tlsv1"></a>`ssl_tlsv1`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, permit TLS v1.0 protocol connections. Corresponds to
ssl_tlsv1 in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ssl_tlsv1_1"></a>`ssl_tlsv1_1`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, permit TLS v1.1 protocol connections. Corresponds to
ssl_tlsv1_1 in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--ssl_tlsv1_2"></a>`ssl_tlsv1_2`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, permit TLS v1.2 protocol connections. Corresponds to
ssl_tlsv1_2 in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--syslog_enable"></a>`syslog_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true (and `xferlog_enable` is also true), vsftpd will log to
syslog rather than to the file specified by `vsftpd_log_file`.
Corresponds to syslog_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--text_userdb_names"></a>`text_userdb_names`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, textual usernames and group names are used in the output
of directory listings, rather than numeric IDs, even when a
NIS/remote user/group database is in use. Corresponds to
text_userdb_names in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--tilde_user_enable"></a>`tilde_user_enable`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd supports "~<user>" syntax for indicating the home
directory of a user, wherever the client specifies a file path.
Corresponds to tilde_user_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--use_localtime"></a>`use_localtime`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, vsftpd will display directory listing times, and use for
the purposes of MDTM, in your machine's local time zone, rather
than GMT. Corresponds to use_localtime in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--use_sendfile"></a>`use_sendfile`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If false, vsftpd will not use the sendfile() system call to
transmit files to clients. Corresponds to use_sendfile in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--userlist_log"></a>`userlist_log`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, vsftpd will log denied login attempts (per userlist_deny)
from users named in the `vsftpd::user_list`. Corresponds to
userlist_log in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--virtual_use_local_privs"></a>`virtual_use_local_privs`

Data type: `Optional[Boolean]`

If true, virtual users use the same privileges as local users,
rather than the (more restricted) privileges of anonymous users.
Corresponds to virtual_use_local_privs in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--write_enable"></a>`write_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, FTP commands which change the filesystem are permitted,
e.g. STOR, DELE, RNFR, RNTO, MKD, RMD, APPE, and SITE. Corresponds
to write_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--xferlog_enable"></a>`xferlog_enable`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, vsftpd will log details of uploads/downloads to the log
file specified by `vsftpd_log_file` or `xferlog_file`. Corresponds
to xferlog_enable in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--xferlog_std_format"></a>`xferlog_std_format`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, vsftpd will log transfers in the standard wu-ftpd-style
xferlog format, rather than vsftpd's own log format. Corresponds to
xferlog_std_format in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `true`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--accept_timeout"></a>`accept_timeout`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum time, in seconds, that a remote client is allowed to
spend negotiating a PASV style data connection. Corresponds to
accept_timeout in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anon_max_rate"></a>`anon_max_rate`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum data transfer rate permitted, in bytes per second, for
anonymous users. Corresponds to anon_max_rate in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anon_umask"></a>`anon_umask`

Data type: `Optional[Simplib::Umask]`

The umask used for file creation by anonymous users. Corresponds to
anon_umask in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--connect_timeout"></a>`connect_timeout`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum time, in seconds, that a remote client is allowed to
spend negotiating a PORT style data connection. Corresponds to
connect_timeout in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--data_connection_timeout"></a>`data_connection_timeout`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum time, in seconds, that a data connection may stall for,
with no data transfer, before vsftpd will terminate the connection.
Corresponds to data_connection_timeout in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--delay_failed_login"></a>`delay_failed_login`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The delay, in seconds, before responding to a failed login attempt.
Corresponds to delay_failed_login in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--delay_successful_login"></a>`delay_successful_login`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The delay, in seconds, before responding to a successful login
attempt. Corresponds to delay_successful_login in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--file_open_mode"></a>`file_open_mode`

Data type: `Optional[Simplib::Umask]`

The permissions with which any uploaded files are created (subject
to the umask setting). Corresponds to file_open_mode in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--idle_session_timeout"></a>`idle_session_timeout`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum time, in seconds, that a remote client may spend
between FTP commands, before the session is closed. Corresponds to
idle_session_timeout in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--local_max_rate"></a>`local_max_rate`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum data transfer rate permitted, in bytes per second, for
local (authenticated) users. Corresponds to local_max_rate in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--local_umask"></a>`local_umask`

Data type: `Simplib::Umask`

The umask used for file creation by local (authenticated) users.
Corresponds to local_umask in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `'022'`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--max_clients"></a>`max_clients`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum number of simultaneous clients permitted, beyond which
connections are refused. Corresponds to max_clients in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--max_login_fails"></a>`max_login_fails`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum number of failed logins permitted before the client is
disconnected. Corresponds to max_login_fails in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--max_per_ip"></a>`max_per_ip`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The maximum number of simultaneous clients permitted from the same
source IP address. Corresponds to max_per_ip in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--trans_chunk_size"></a>`trans_chunk_size`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

The size, in bytes, of the chunks used by the underlying
sendfile/write system calls used to transmit a file. Corresponds to
trans_chunk_size in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--anon_root"></a>`anon_root`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

The directory that vsftpd will try to change to after an anonymous
login. Corresponds to anon_root in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--banned_email_file"></a>`banned_email_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The path to the file which contains a list of anonymous email
passwords which are denied access, when `deny_email_enable` is set.
Corresponds to banned_email_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--banner_file"></a>`banner_file`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

The path to a file whose contents are displayed to the connecting
client before the login prompt. Corresponds to banner_file in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `'/etc/issue.net'`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--chown_username"></a>`chown_username`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

The username to which uploaded anonymous files are attributed, when
`chown_uploads` is set. Corresponds to chown_username in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--chroot_list_file"></a>`chroot_list_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The path to the file containing the list of local users evaluated
by `chroot_list_enable`. Corresponds to chroot_list_file in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--cmds_allowed"></a>`cmds_allowed`

Data type: `Optional[Array[String]]`

Array of explicitly permitted FTP commands. If set, any FTP command
not in this list is rejected. Corresponds to cmds_allowed in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--deny_file"></a>`deny_file`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

A regular expression (or glob) applied against filenames; matching
filenames are hidden from directory listings and access is denied.
Corresponds to deny_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--dsa_cert_file"></a>`dsa_cert_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

Path and name of the DSA certificate file to use for SSL
connections. Corresponds to dsa_cert_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--dsa_private_key_file"></a>`dsa_private_key_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

Path and name of the DSA private key file to use for SSL
connections. Corresponds to dsa_private_key_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--email_password_file"></a>`email_password_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The path to the file containing a list of anonymous email passwords
which are permitted access, used in conjunction with
`secure_email_list_enable`. Corresponds to email_password_file in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--hide_file"></a>`hide_file`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

A regular expression (or glob) applied against filenames; matching
filenames are hidden from directory listings, but access is still
permitted if the exact name is known. Corresponds to hide_file in
vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--listen_address6"></a>`listen_address6`

Data type: `Optional[Simplib::IP::V6]`

The IPv6 address on which to listen for connections, if the
standalone vsftpd is handling both IPv4 and IPv6. Corresponds to
listen_address6 in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--local_root"></a>`local_root`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The directory that vsftpd will try to change to after a local
(authenticated) login. Corresponds to local_root in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--message_file"></a>`message_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The filename which, if it exists in a newly entered directory, is
displayed to the remote user when `dirmessage_enable` is set.
Corresponds to message_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--nopriv_user"></a>`nopriv_user`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

The unprivileged system user that vsftpd uses when it needs to
change to an unprivileged user, e.g. for the anonymous or guest FTP
account. Corresponds to nopriv_user in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--pasv_address"></a>`pasv_address`

Data type: `Optional[Simplib::Host]`

The IP address (or resolvable name, with `pasv_addr_resolve`) to
report to clients as the address to connect to for PASV style data
connections. Corresponds to pasv_address in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--validate_cert"></a>`validate_cert`

Data type: `Boolean`

If true, validate the client SSL certificate. Defaults to the value
of the `vsftpd::validate_cert` parameter. Corresponds to
validate_cert in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `$vsftpd::validate_cert`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--secure_chroot_dir"></a>`secure_chroot_dir`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The path to an empty directory, not writable by the ftp user, used
by vsftpd as a secure chroot jail for various operations which do
not require access to the filesystem. Corresponds to
secure_chroot_dir in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--user_config_dir"></a>`user_config_dir`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The path to a directory containing per-user configuration override
files, named after the local username. Corresponds to
user_config_dir in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--user_sub_token"></a>`user_sub_token`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

The string which, when found in various path options (such as
`local_root`), is substituted with the local username. Corresponds
to user_sub_token in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--vsftpd_log_file"></a>`vsftpd_log_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The path to the file to which vsftpd will write its standard-format
log, when `xferlog_std_format` is false. Corresponds to
vsftpd_log_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--xferlog_file"></a>`xferlog_file`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Absolutepath]`

The path to the file to which vsftpd will write its wu-ftpd-style
xferlog, when `xferlog_std_format` is true. Corresponds to
xferlog_file in vsftpd.conf.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-vsftpd--config--min_uid"></a>`min_uid`

Data type: `String`

The minimum UID used to populate /etc/ftpusers (via the ftpusers
define) with system accounts that should be denied FTP access. If
empty, /etc/ftpusers is not managed.

Default value: `'500'`

### <a name="vsftpd--config--firewall"></a>`vsftpd::config::firewall`

This class sets up the appropriate IPtables rules based on the value of
$fw_rules.

By default, it will allow access only to localhost, you will need to
define an array at fw_rules to add additional hosts.

Localhost is always listed as a host that is allowed to access the system.

### <a name="vsftpd--config--tcpwrappers"></a>`vsftpd::config::tcpwrappers`

Sets up tcpwrappers for vsfptd.

### <a name="vsftpd--install"></a>`vsftpd::install`

Installs vsftpd and optionally manages the vsftpd group
and user.

### <a name="vsftpd--service"></a>`vsftpd::service`

Ensures the vsftpd service is running.

### <a name="vsftpd--users"></a>`vsftpd::users`

Manages the vsftpd group and user.

